README.md, before:

# Personal website 🌐

This is the source code for my personal website. On this page, you will find a short summary about myself and my projects, including the applications I have developed. If you are interested in collaborating or have any business inquiries, you can easily find the necessary information and my contact details here. I hope you will like my website, and if you have any questions, please feel free to contact me!

> [!WARNING]
> This application is in active development and is not yet ready for production use. For more information about development please visit the `feature` branch.

## Acknowledgement 

<a href="https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/www" title="www icons">Www icons created by Freepik - Flaticon</a>

## Disclaimer

The primary purpose of the project is learning and demonstration. This implies that the code might not be
production-ready, thoroughly tested, or optimized for all scenarios.

## License

- This project is licensed under MIT.

For more information please visit the license files.

Commit message:

Add initial project structure with TypeScript, React, and Tailwind CSS setup

README.md, after:

# Personal website 🌐

This is the source code for my personal website. On this page, you will find a short summary about myself and my projects, including the applications I have developed. If you are interested in collaborating or have any business inquiries, you can easily find the necessary information and my contact details here. I hope you will like my website, and if you have any questions, please feel free to contact me!

> [!WARNING]
> This application is in active development and is not yet ready for production use. For more information about development please visit the `feature` branch.

## Available scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

- `npm run start`
- `npm run lint`
- `npm run preview`
- `npm run build`

## Used external sources

- [Shadcn UI](https://ui.shadcn.com/)
- [Lucide Icons](https://lucide.dev)
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Josefin+Sans)
- [Josefin Sans Font](https://github.com/googlefonts/josefinsans)

## Acknowledgement

<a href="https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/web-site" title="web site icons">Web site icons created by redempticon - Flaticon</a>

## Disclaimer

The primary purpose of the project is learning and demonstration. This implies that the code might not be
production-ready, thoroughly tested, or optimized for all scenarios.

## License

- This project is licensed under MIT.
- The used font is licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1.
- The used sounds is licensed under CC0 1.0 Universal.

For more information please visit the license files.
